so let me ask you a question as a
communicator you're a writer and a
communicator how is Joe Biden doing in
dealing with the last 10 days which are
but a tiny preview of what any nominee
is going to face against this president
you want the honest answer or it's a
fair point you know what chairwoman
Maxine Waters a pretty honest yeah your
warriors have left now for the day what
I'm gonna say no you are this is live we
are live there is no tape to the delay
I'm not going to do a full dinner on you
here but I am now that really worried
god bless Robert De Niro no here's
honestly what I think is is that no I've
completely forgotten your question Joe
Biden Biden yes see I don't even want to
say it out loud but I think well but you
had a warning in 2016 about what do you
think about Joe Biden well you know Joe
Biden is the center Joe Biden is this
year's Hillary Joe Biden is not going to
excite the base to get out there and
vote on November 3rd 2020 70% of the
people voting next year are either women
people of color or young people between
the ages of 18 and 35 that's 70% who is
going to excite that 18 to 35 year old
person who's going to excite women and
and and african-americans in his fame
feel this Biden but your question was
what about Biden in this last week and
why does he seem to be he's there and
he's not there and he needs to be more
there and the things that he said
publicly are very strong but but it
looks like he's not really wanting to
deal with it
it appears if I could just now speak
from Michigan it appears that he doesn't
want he's afraid to be out there that
there's some piece of this that he
doesn't want to deal with in terms of
his son and the gas company and all that
and it's okay
it's it he's it's it's been proven that
nobody did anything wrong if he's
embarrassed that the kid of a politician
got you know some help
well I
they get anybody sitting there at home
right now with their TV they're going
what Joe Biden some guys got a good job
after this I think we started thinking
you think this but this as you say
baseless attack by Trump has still big
works has worked in a way on Joe Biden
it's worked a little bit in the sense
that it's kept him from being fighting
Joe you know I mean it's odd that and
this is why this is Trump's evil genius
through these years is he really is able
to manipulate the situation he controls
the news cycle yeah he he and and and
too and then he turns fight and Joe into
what he calls him I'm not gonna repeat
it but you don't throw Peter I'll tell
you what in fairness to Joe and everyone
we almost get in everything yeah I think
a quick before we're gonna fit in a
break and keep you but let's take a look
at how Joe Biden's been sounding real
quick here's Joe Biden wait a second
wait a second not one single credible
outlet this given any credibility to his
assertion not one single one and so I
have no comment except the president
start to look president yes again you
know he said the right thing but he's
got to come out fighting I mean this is
you don't want a Dukakis moment here
when they attack your family and you're
all trying to be all kumbaya about this
you've got to put the gloves on and
you've got to go after them and Biden
should be out there every single day on
this don't be afraid it's okay your son
got a good job you know someday re son
will be working here at NBC I'm sure
okay there are despotism rules so I'm
just saying though that we need all the
candidates right now need to be unified
and coming at this full force
no no backing down and no trying to
placate the other and none of this well
we have to wait and see wait and see
what I just saw you shoot somebody I
just saw I just saw somebody steal the
Steadicam over there I don't need to
wait I saw it everybody saw and heard
Trump he admitted that he confessed and
now he's been trying to walk it back in
all these crazy way hey
remember from MSNBC you can see more of
our videos right here or better yet
subscribe to our YouTube channel below
you could have been anywhere in the
world that you're here with us and we
appreciate that